I started today by reading Rory's [post](https://ewolyror.github.io/W8D2/) from yesterday where he goes through all of the particular settings he used for filtering the data. Comparing his parameters to mine, his source detection looks a little better. So, for consistency's sake, it's one more time through the filter. 

After talking with Rory, the next step -- now that we've decided which sources we're using for analysis -- is to match the stars up between fields. The general plan of attack is to find which stars are within half an arcsecond of one another in all of the F814W fields, find the average magnitude and WCS position for that source in F814W, do the same in F606W, subtract the magnitude in F606W of a source its own magnitude in F814W, then create a color-magnituide diagram that contains all the sources in NGC6819 that we detect. 

# Programming
Conceptually, the astronomy we're trying to do isn't very hard to understand, but it is an exercise in computer science that is quite difficult to execute. Rory has already written an excellent [source matching code](https://github.com/GosnellResearchGroupSummer2018/NGC6819/blob/master/Rory's%20Codes/catmat.py) that does the first step in the above process (match stars within half an arcecond). I'm using a slightly modified version of it that just accounts for the different way that I save arrays. At the moment, the code takes two fields and creates a list that contains all the sources that were the same source between the fields. My only concern at the moment is trying to get all of the fields into one master list without any wonkiness; I'd rather try combining all nine F814W fields at once so the average is calculated normally as opposed to the strange nested calculation the we're currently doing (finding the average between two fields, then summing that average with another data point and dividing that sum by two for a new average, then taking that new average and adding the next data point to it and diving by two, etc.). 

The object of the next code to be written is taking those two catalogs (the average F814W magnitudes and the average F606W magnitudes), subtracting their magnitudes in each filter, and plotting that against the absolute magnitude in one the filters. This code might be a bit easier to write than the source matching one, but I'm going to spend the rest of today working on my poster.

# Posters
Rory set up a meeting or us today at three to go that to Steve Getty about the poster talk he gave the other day. It was very helpful to go to; he told us that the most important thing is to communicate clearly through your poster -- no words that are too small are pictures that don't easily give up their knowledge. He also said there is no set template for how a poster should be, and that Dr. G is the one who gets to decide how she wants to have us do our posters. 

I've made a very rough draft on a piece of paper of what I want my poster layout to look like and decided what to put in each section. I've written a couple of bullet points desribing the most basic background things about our project, like what are binary stars, what is photometry, etc., and I've created a new powerpoint doc that is the correct size and is formatted to be three columns, like I want. The one thing I'm not so sure about is the conclusion since we haven't gotten their yet. I have space set aside for a color-magnitude diagram, but I dont know what we're going to be able to say about the star. Will we have enough information to conclude that X1 is a qLMXB after making color magnitude diagrams? 

# Conclusion 
I'm going to be leaving tomorrow around noon to go camping, but I'll work some in the morning before I leave. I won't have internet access, but I'm not going into the deep backcountry, so I'll be able to charge my laptop and spend at least a bit of time every day working (sounds like a nice evening activity around a campfire). I won't be able to post until Monday, but I'll send a master post at that time that has all of the work I did each day I was in Yellowstone. Hopefully I'll have some diagrams and some be further on my poster by then. 
